Dragon Priestess of Gods
Link
Water
Link Rating: 2
Dragon
Atk: 2000
Arrows: Bottom Left, Bottom Right

2 "Dragon King" and/or "Dragon Servant" monsters
(This card is always treated as a "Dragon King" Card)
When this card is Link Summoned, you can add 1 "Dragon King" Spell/Trap from your Deck to your hand. You can target 1 "Dragon King" monster this card points to, Special Summon 1 "Dragon King" monster from your Deck with a 
different name to a zone this card points to. If this card is destroyed either by battle or card effect: You can send 1 level 8 or higher Dragon type monster from your hand or Deck to the GY. You can only use each effect of 
"Dragon Priestess of Gods" once per turn.

Dragon Queen of Calamities
Xyz
Light
Rank 7
Dragon
2900/2600

2 Level 7 "Dragon King" monsters
(This card is always treated as a "Dragon King" Card)
This card cannot be destroyed by card effects. During the turn this card is Xyz Summoned, this card cannot be targeted by your opponent's card effects until the end of your opponent's next turn. Once per turn, you can 
detach 1 Xyz material from this card: target 1 other card you control and 1 card your opponent controls, destroy them. During your opponent's turn (Quick Effect): you can Special Summon 1 "Dragon King" monster from your GY.
 You can only use each effect of "Dragon Queen of Calamities" once per turn

Desolation, The Almighty Dragon God
Effect
Fire
Lv 8
Dragon
3100/2400

(This card is always treated as a "Dragon King" Card)
This card cannot be Normal Summoned/Set. This card can only be Special Summoned by its own effects, and cannot be Special Summoned by other ways. If this card is sent from the hand to the GY, draw 1 card. You can banish 3 
"Dragon King" monsters from your GY, Special Summon this card from your GY. If Summoned this way, destroy all other monsters on the field. During the next Standby Phase after this was card was destroyed and sent from 
the field to the GY: Special Summon this card from the GY, then destroy all other cards on the field. You cannot Special Summon monsters the turn you use any of these effects, except Dragon monsters. You can only use each 
effect of "Desolation, The Almighty Dragon God" once per turn.